Do you have any hidden talent?
What is the meaning of your name?
Is there something new that you learned recently?
How likely are you to fall in love with someone like you?
Do you like small talks or deeper ones?
What is the first thing you do after waking up in the morning?
Do you like tea or coffee?
Who was your favorite teacher?
What kind of a kid were you?
Can you share your favorite memories?
What is your favorite season?
Do you have any favorite songs?
What did you want to be as an adult when you were a child?
Do you know more than one language?
What was the best birthday surprise you have ever received?
How different would you be from the current you if you were of the other gender?
If you had to introduce yourself using three words only, how would you do it?
What is your usually preferred breakfast?
Can you think about a job in which you will surely fail?
Do you remember what dream you had today?
Do you like collecting anything?
If you got to trade your life to someone else you know, whom would you choose?
What is the weirdest gift you’ve ever received?
Do you read newspapers?
If you get a chance of spending time with your crush as someone else, would you still take the offer?
What is the most satisfying moment in your life you have ever had?
Are you into video games?
If you could take inspiration from books, movies, etc., and turn them into the reality of your life, which ones would you choose?
What is something that can make you happy almost always no matter what the situation is?
In what aspects are you younger than your age?
Which was your favorite tv show as a child or teen?
In what aspects are you older than your age?
Do you like cooking?
If a movie is made about your life, what would be its starting point?
What kind of person would you like to date?
If you could live anywhere in the world but without a single known person, where would you like it?
What casual thing makes you all serious?
When did you realize you are not as dumb as you thought you to be?
Did you ever play dirty?
What is your one bad habit that you don’t think is bad?
Which hero character seemed lame in front of the villain?
What do you think – Thanos was right or wrong?
Do you like watching cartoon shows?
If you could only eat one cuisine for the rest of your life, what would you choose?
Do you cry watching movies?
What is the craziest thing you’ve ever done in front of your teacher?
Have you ever abused your power?
If your best friend asks you to share your phone password, would you do it?
What is the last thing in your browser history that you deleted?
Are you good at telling lies?
What is the funniest thing you’ve heard a child saying?
How horrible would you be as a ghost?
Do you have any superstitions?
Can you tell a funny story that would make us cry?
What is the most annoying sound ever?
Do you have any siblings?
Do you think clowns are funny or fearsome?
What is a perfect plan to kidnap you?
Have you ever been punished at school?
So what can I do now to annoy you terribly?
Do you believe in the existence of life on other planets?
Do you believe in the concepts of hell and heaven?
What is better – being a vegetarian/vegan or eating meat?
Do you think pizza goes well with pineapple toppings?
Is the death penalty ethical for brutal criminals like murders?
What do you think about religions?
Do we really need wars in a civilized society?
Do weapons promote safety or violence?
Can we ever justify any kind of torture?
Is it ethical to use living animals for laboratory experiments?
Who is one famous person, living or dead, that a lot of people admire but you don’t?
Can we say that everything is fair in love and war?
What is your one politically incorrect opinion?
Can science be wrong?
What is the limit of individual rights of free will?
Morning people vs night people – who are more productive?
Which is better – McDonald’s or Burger King?
Is science more important than arts?
Do you think humans are more important than other living creatures?
Can we ever justify violence?
How would you like to be remembered by a stranger?
Are you good at listening?
What one personal information do you think people should rather not ask?
How do you like to spend your money?
Have you ever had recurring dreams about something?
Can love happen twice?
When did you paint a picture last?
What is one good thing about this season you like least?
Do you have any favorite days of the year?
What comes to your mind when you hear the words ‘lots of fun’?
Do you know any perfect way to annoy annoying people?
Have you ever been to a school or college reunion?
What is the funniest thing someone told you while complimenting you?
Is there something that makes your inner child come out?
What are your biggest pet peeves?
Suppose you end up in jail. What do you think people would assume you have done to be there?
Have you ever been to a date night that ended in the most unexpected place?
What is the best way to eat french fries – dip one in the ketchup or put the ketchup over all the fries?
Have you ever been too invested in something that you almost forgot everything else?
Romcoms or scary movies – what sounds more like a perfect evening?
Who are you?
What are the things you are interested in?
Do you have any special passion or something?
What motivates you to do with your regular day to day life?
How sociable are you?
What seems like a perfect day for you?
Are you an extrovert or an introvert?
If you were ice cream, which flavor would it be?
What is your best way to pass the time without your phone or tab?
Can you wink?
Do you like going to amusement parks?
Would you be described better as a hot person or a cool one?
Do you have any favorite festivals?
What is the perfect vacation that you have ever been to?
Are you a tea person or a coffee person?
What is your favorite board game?
Do you like field games?
If you could name yourself once again, what would you name yourself?
Suppose you could survive without working too. What work would you still like to do?
Sweet or spicy – what defines your personality more?
Can you share with us your dirtiest thoughts ever?
If you had to leave the country at this very moment, where would you go?
Can you think about some instances where questions can lead to a kiss?
What is the most interesting excuse you have ever used to avoid work?
Do you have any favorite type for a love interest or do you think it can’t be decided by these?
What is one interesting rumor that you got to hear about yourself?
If you had to name one thing that makes you fall for someone, what would it be?
What is the first thing that you notice in someone?
How can someone comfort you when you are upset?
What is the first thing that you think people notice in you?
If you could have a life partner who is either an overachiever or an underachiever, whom would you choose?
Who is the first person whose name comes to your mind when you are upset?
Do you have a secret crush on someone?
What do you look for in a person to be friends with them?
Do you want to confess something to someone?
What is the biggest turn-off you find in someone?
If you have to describe your style, how would you do that?
Do you consider yourself fit for a hero’s role or that of a villain’s?
What makes you special?
Is there a social cause for which you’d like to work?
What is the most spontaneous decision you have ever made?
What one piece of advice have you ever received that was life-changing for you?
Is there someone you don’t know personally but you feel a deep connection with them?
Suppose you could have someone to live as you. Now, which part of your life would you live, and which parts would you leave to the person?
Who is that one person with whom you always feel comfortable?
Do you have any dark unsaid fears?
What is the best gift you gave someone?
If you had to live a day in the world with no one else but one person except you, who would you choose to be with you?
Do you like surprises?
Have you ever cried without a reason?
Have you ever laughed without a reason?
What is your biggest complaint about yourself?
If you randomly come across God one day, what would you ask them?
What is the last thing you did to make someone smile?
When was the last time you made someone cry?
If you had to name one small thing in your life that you can not live without, what would it be?
Do you have any song that makes you cry every time you listen to it?
If you had a chance to recreate the world, what changes would you bring?
What is the craziest risk you ever took in your life?
Can you show your browser history?
Have you ever had suicidal thoughts?
What is the one guilty pleasure that you don’t want to share?
Have you ever cheated in any examination or competition?
Do you like the idea of dating after sex or do you prefer the traditional way?
Have you ever felt ashamed of yourself?
What is the one question in your life that you are not ready to answer?
Have you ever had any kind of addiction?
What is your worst drunk talk experience?
Have you ever played dirty for someone’s love?
What if one day you find that you were schizophrenic all this while and whatever you have lived was an illusion?
Do you have any awkward memories that you are not sure if are real?
What is the most painful experience you have ever had?
Is there someone you want to apologize to?
Do you think you can kill someone?
What is your favorite human emotion?
If you get a chance to kiss someone whom you have kissed in the past once again, who would they be?
On a scale of 1-10, how rude are you?
Do you think you overestimate yourself or underestimate yourself?
What kind of scent turns you on?
Is there a weird thing that you find sexy?
Do you like playing hard or do you prefer it clear and straightforward?
How difficult is it to impress you?
Do you look at other wo/men apart from your partner?
Do you think love needs commitment?
If you could wake up tomorrow with someone of your choice by your side, who would that person be?
What do you like most in our relationship?
Can you share any relationship deal breakers?
What do you think is the right time to move to marriage from dating?
Do you have a favorite memory of kissing someone?
What is the one thing without which you can’t imagine yourself in a relationship?
Is there something you dream about very often?
How important is the physical touch for you in a romantic relationship?
What is the sexiest feature you can think about in your partner?
What is the one thing you wish you could do more often?
If you had to plan an intimate moment with your partner, how would you do it?
What is the sexiest spot you have a mole on your body?
Do you like to kiss with eyes open or closed?
Have you asked something crazy on Reddit as anonymous?
When did you seem crazier – when you are angry or when you are ecstatic?
How proud would you be to have a child like yourself?
What is the hardest decision you’ve ever made?
Do you prefer planning things or do you like to go with the flow?
 Do you have any favorite comfy outfits?
How good are you at meeting new people?
What is the last thing you have in your mind before sleeping these days?
Can you date someone too older or too younger?
What makes you believe that there is goodness still left on the earth?
How dark is your sense of humor?
When was the last time you gave a savage reply to someone?
Have you ever had a great comeback for a mean comment you received?
When was the last time you felt jealous?
How likely are you to fall for a good-looking stranger?
Are you a sensitive person?
Do you prefer being rational or being intentional in taking important decisions in your life?
What made you nervous recently?
Have you ever had a late-night talk with someone unexpected?
What one weird thing do you like to eat?
What is the best prank you played over someone?
Cakes or cookies – what do you like more?
How good are you with technology?
Do you have a crush on a fictional character?
What annoying thing do you have to do almost every day?
How good is your relationship with your neighbors?
Do you make faces in the mirror when no one is watching you?
What made you have second-hand embarrassment recently?
How good are you at quarreling?
Can you give some date ideas that ensure the worst first impression?
What is the smartest pickup line have you ever heard of?
Do you know someone who is the god of flirting?
Which place in the world seems your soul-place?
Do you have any pets?
What is your favorite dessert?
Hills or sea?
Bikes or cars?
Do you believe in ghosts?
What is your definition of beauty?
Have you ever tried to help someone but made things worse?
Have you ever participated in any kind of drama or play?
Did you ever ruin someone’s party or big day unintentionally?
If you ever get viral, what do you think it would be about?
Do you have a healthy relationship with your extended family?
Are you usually dominating or recessive in a relationship?
Do you prefer reading a book or watching it as a movie?
What is your study style?
If someone could zap you in a story, which one do you want it to be?
What made you nostalgic recently?
If you could eliminate any technology from the world, what would it be?
What is the most unexpected thing you have done with the most unexpected person at the most unexpected place?
Are you more optimistic or pessimistic?
If you were an immortal vampire, what would you have done differently from now?
Do you think it is worth it to become famous after death?
What is the craziest excuse you have made to get leave?
Have you ever bunked school?
What makes someone lovable?
Do you have a favorite person?
Have you ever won an award or something?
If cops come to your door to arrest you, what is the first reason that will come to your mind for your arrest?
How messy are you?
What one thing happened to you that seems more like a miracle or magic?
Do you have any talents that you never use?
What is the most disrespectful compliment have you ever received?
Have you ever made a clown of yourself while trying to act over smart?
What is the coolest career you would have in the parallel universe?
Are you better at using your body or your mind?
How original can you fake cry?
What is the last DIY thing you have made?
Do you think you can fall in love with a mythical creature if it was real?
If angels and devils were real, who would be the coolest?
Suppose you have to trade your life to any living creatures from other species. What would you be?
Is there something that you used to consider cool as a child but not now?
What one myth do you believe in?
Have you ever fallen for a stranger?
Do you think you are an old soul?
How much time do you spend in solitude?
Do you ever think about the meaning of your life?
What is the one thing that you used to enjoy but not now?
Think about it, what keeps you awake at night?
Do you have moles on your body?
Are you in love?
Do you believe in horoscopes?
Do you watch cartoons?
Have you ever done something illegal?
Did you ever date a long-term friend?
Are you afraid of the dark?
Have you ever kissed a stranger?
Are you comfortable with animals?
Have you ever eaten dropped food?
Are you active on social media?
Do you watch cringe stuff?
Have you ever cried in any examinations?
Are you interested in politics?
Have you ever done something because of peer pressure?
Do you get clingy to people you love?
Have you ever faked someone’s signature?
Did you ever steal something?
Have you ever cut your hair?
Have you ever faked reasons to talk to someone?
What is the one thing that you are most afraid of?
Money cannot buy happiness or money can make you happy – what do you believe in?
How important is love in your life?
What is your biggest regret in life till now?
What is your secret addiction?
If someone doesn’t love you but you love them, would you still be with them?
Who is someone among your extended family members who you find really annoying?
If superheroes were real, who would be yours in real life?
What is the best way of wasting your time?
Have you ever received a piece of advice that sounded useless but turned out to be helpful?
Do you think formal education really helps someone in becoming a better version of themselves?
How good a student were you?
Can you share what your daily routine looks like?
Have you ever experienced something traumatic?
If you had to choose the worst phase of your life, what would it be?
What makes you frustrated with yourself?
Do you consider yourself successful?
How do you want to be remembered after you die?
How much time do you spend on social media daily?
Do you think it is worth it to be productive?
How do you like to spend your leisure time?
What is your favorite book?
What Is one thing that you love to do whenever you feel down?
Can you tell which are your favorite foods?
What is your favorite color?
What is your favorite quote, phrase, or dialogue?
Who is your favorite celebrity crush?
How do you like to sleep, that is, your favorite sleeping position?
Whom do you like most in your family?
What do you like most about yourself?
Which outfit is your favorite one to wear at home?
Do you have any hobbies?
What is your favorite pizza topping?
Who is your favorite fictional villain character?
What kind of music do you like most?
Is there an age of your life that you like most?
What is your most favorite tv show ever?
Are you into anything creative?
What is your favorite touch?
What is your favorite topic to talk about?
What do you think is the worst way to spend your day?
Is there any food that you hate most?
Is there something that you have to do but you don’t like?
What is the most awful movie have you ever watched?
What is the most horrible children’s book you have ever seen?
What is the one thing that almost everyone seems to like but not you?
Have you ever been in a relationship that you strongly question now?
Who is the one person whom you hate?
Is there any celebrity whose personality you absolutely dislike?
What is the worst way to propose to someone?
How do you want your future not to be?
What is the dumbest joke you have ever heard?
Have you ever been to a party that bored you like nothing else?
What kind of people annoy you most?
Is there any habit in you that you earnestly want to leave?
What hobby do you think is a complete waste of time for you?
Can you name any one thing that is not worth the hype?
Which season do you dislike most?
Is there any Disney character that annoys you?
What was the most embarrassing situation you have ever been into?
What is the one thing that you like about your current job?
What is your dream job?
Do you have any career accomplishments or a highlight that you are proud of?
What motivates you every day to do your job?
Do you have any idea of a perfect job?
When did you get your first job?
Can you share the best career decision you have ever made?
What was the worst decision you made in your career?
Is there any career advice that you would like to give to your younger self?
What do you think about the hustle culture?
How often do you face imposter syndrome?
What do you think things will look like when you’ll make it?
How do you see people who are workaholics?
Who is your role model?
If you could get another chance, would you still choose the same career?
What is the one thing that surprised you most when you started working?
Did you have a mentor in your career?
Why and how did you choose your current field of career?
Are you happy with your career till now?
Where do you see yourself professionally in the next 10 years?
How close are you to your parents?
Who are the people in your family?
Do you have any weird family traditions?
Were you close to your parents as a child?
How is your relationship with your extended family?
What one thing is common in you and your parents?
How do you manage conflict in your family?
What do you think makes someone your family?
Do you have children or do you want to have children?
What is the importance of your family in your life?
Which family member are you most close to?
How do you spend your family time?
Who is the most mature one in your family?
What is your favorite family memory?
Is there something that you wanted to tell your parents but couldn’t till now?
How often do you have arguments in your family?
Do you stay with your family?
How different are you from your family?
Do you have any nicknames for each other in the family?
How similar are you to your family?
How would you define success?
Are you religious or spiritual?
What do you think is the purpose of life?
Do you think you are an old soul?
What is your idea about true love?
How easily do you trust people?
What makes someone a good person?
What do you think about the concepts of Karma and destiny?
Do you think morals are fixed or are they flexible?
If you could change one thing in the world to make it better, what would you do?
What is the one thing that matters most in a relationship?
Do you believe in miracles?
What do you think life and death mean?
Can you define your idea of beauty?
Do you think anger is a sign of strength or weakness?
Can we do without any kind of violence?
What is happiness?
Do you think everything is just a matter of natural coincidence or do we exist as a part of the bigger plan?
What one socially popular opinion you are not much fond of?
Do you think one person can be an absolute hero or villain?
If you could change one thing about your current life, what would it be?
Do you have something that you regret not doing when you had the opportunity?
Where do you want to be in the next 10 years?
Do you have a bucket list?
Do you have a dream that doesn’t let you sleep at night?
What are your long-term personal goals?
Do you have any long-term professional goals?
Suppose you can magically fulfill any of your three wishes now. What would you choose?
How close are you to your dream life?
What is your idea of a happy life?
If you could have all your basic needs and wants fulfilling, what would you like to do in life?
Suppose this is the last day of your life. How would you spend it?
If you get a chance to fix one thing from the past, what would you do?
Do you think you’ll achieve all your dreams?
What is the one thing that you want most now?
Do you believe in making goals and plans?
What is your sweetest dream?
 If you could lead a life that someone had already lived or is living, whose life would you choose?
What do you wish for at night before you sleep?
If you get a chance to be the most powerful person in the world, would you be?
If you had to start a rumor about yourself, what would it be?
What is the best story about you that gives us an idea of what kind of a person you are?
If you could never get dirty and could easily survive without bathing, would you still take a bath daily?
Potato face or potato body?
What is your least favorite thing about your favorite person?
How do you see yourself – as a person, as a part of the universe, as a conscious mind?
If you could turn any mythical creature into real, which one would you choose?
What doesn’t make you unique?
If you had a choice of deciding your way of death, would you make the choice?
Have you ever been in an argument knowing you are on the wrong side?
Do you have a weird Halloween costume?
What is your soul animal?
What is the dumbest thing you have ever said?
Is it true that the more we know, the more we realize that we don’t know anything?
What if all this is a very realistic dream and what we consider as dreams is the real world?
To love someone or to be loved by someone – what is the better feeling?
Do you think the world would be a better place if everyone starts speaking only the truth?
What is the best recipe for being sad?
Can you give a gospel of happiness?
Do you sneeze ugly or cry uglier?
What is something that you like to do but hate when others do it?
If you had to give someone the title of the most impressive person ever, whom would you choose?
Do you gossip?
How do you spend your time on public transportation?
Do you believe in the law of attraction?
Do you work out?
Is there someone you want to see married so much?
Are you rooting for someone’s unconventional career decision?
Are you a Grammar Nazi?
Do you prefer tasty food or healthy food?
Have you ever taken a ridiculous leap of faith?
Did you ever make a wrong decision that turned out right in the end?
What one thing from the past do you want to bring again?
Are you a nature-conscious person?
What personality trait do you wish you didn’t have?
How important is money in your life?
Can you tell the difference between comfort and luxury?
What is the most expensive thing you have ever bought?
Using one word, how would you describe yourself?
A zombie apocalypse or an alien invasion – what is more likely to happen?
What do you think you would have used all your money for if you won the lottery of 1 million dollars as a child?
How will you spend your money if you win the lottery of 1 million dollars today?
What is the one thing for which you could sell your soul to the devil?
If you could return your body to any age,  what age would you choose?
Suppose you get a time machine that can only take you to the past or future but can’t make you return. Now, what time, what year would you travel if you had to compulsorily?
If you could get all your nutrition just by eating candies, would you accept the offer?
Suppose you’re stranded on a deserted island. Now, whom would you choose to meet you there – your ex or a stranger?
If you had to embrace a completely new culture, what would it be?
Suppose you get a magical crystal ball in which you can see your future for once. But the thing is, you can’t change it. Would you still look at it?
If you could abolish some of the current laws, which ones would you choose?
What one socially acceptable thing would you like to make unacceptable and vice-versa for one currently unacceptable thing, if you could?
If you lose the ability to recognize all faces but one, whose face would you like to recognize always?
If you could have wings but had to lose all your hair, would you do that?
What is more exciting – being an audience at a show or being a part of the show?
If you could go back in time and stop your parents from having you, would you do that?
Suppose you could erase someone’s one memory. Whose memory would you erase?
If you could turn your one weakness into someone’s strength, what would it be?
Would you be a great dancer or an amazing singer?
If you could have a life partner ego is either a great listener or a great speaker – which one would you choose?
What do you do professionally?
Do you agree with the idea of 40 hours per week office culture?
What is your role in your current job?
How long do you plan to stick to your current job?
What are the skills that make you fit for your job?
Is there any kind of role that you are looking for?
What one professional accomplishment are you most proud of?
How good are you as a leader?
What part of your job do you like most?
How would you rate your communication skills on a scale of 1-10?
What do you think about your workplace environment?
How much time do you get for your personal life after your professional life?
What are your professional goals in the long run?
How do you manage burnout?
What makes your job difficult?
Do you like the idea of a fixed work hour?
What skills do you look for when hiring someone?
Do you have any tips to increase your daily productivity?
What time of the day are you most productive?
Is there anything you are engaged in apart from your main job?
What is the best compliment you have ever received?
If you had to introduce yourself using 3 adjectives only, how would you do that?
Do you think it is good to be ambitious in life?
How easy is it for you to express your emotions?
Do you like children?
What do you look for in a relationship?
Do you have any plans?
What one quality do you have that you are most proud of?
Is there something that not many people like about you?
What one thing scares you most?
Suppose you have a disorder by which you can’t see the person you are considering dating. What other aspects would then decide your choice of dating them or not?
What is the biggest red flag in a relationship?
Do you ever think about bringing a change in the world around you?
What did you like most as a child?
Do you feel intimidated by someone?
What is your idea of a fun night?
At the end of the day, what do you think matters most in life?
How different would your family and friends describe you from that of your girlfriend?
What are the things in someone that annoy you the most?
How do you show that you are interested in someone?
Suppose you are a superhero. What superpowers are you most likely to have?
 Are you doing your best in your relationships?
When did you hate me most?
Did you ever hide something from your parents?
Do you have a secret crush that even I don’t know?
What makes you weird?
Is there something that freaks you out?
How do you like to chill?
Do you think I know you well?
Did you ever break into a loud laugh at the wrong time?
When did you feel most proud about yourself?
Do you have any weird addictions?
Without telling the name, tell who is your hero?
Do you have any regrets?
What makes you cute?
Can you tell me your favorite joke?
If you could change one thing about the world?
What would be the best thing to present you?
How can I make you happy instantly?
How do you like to usually spend your day?
Do you like long drives?
What is your idea of an ideal relationship?
Do you like the idea of a big family or a small one?
Are you into any kind of social cause?
Is there something you want to do one day but you couldn’t till now?
Do you want to be in a relationship now?
What is the most incredible meal you have ever had?
Do you like anything artistic like singing, dancing, painting, or something like that?
Are you someone who prefers to abide by the rules or breaking the rules?
Do you like making plans or do you prefer going with the flow?
Can you prove how funny are you?
How easy it is to make you fall for someone?
Are you a picky eater?
How good are you at flirting with someone?
Who was your first crush?
What is your favorite sensation?
How passionate are you about your job?
What is the one piece of advice you would like to give someone who likes you?
Do you walk past a pebble on the road or do you kick it?
What superpowers would you like to have?
Suppose you reincarnate as an animal in the next life. Which animal are you most likely to be?
If you became the president of a country and you had to rename it, what name would you choose?
Are you hiding something?
If others could hear what you are thinking now, how big a problem would arise for you?
Do you think you are younger than your age or older?
How often do you curse?
What first impression do you think people get about you?
If you could invent a new dish would it be sweet or spicy?
What obscure things have you mastered well?
If a movie is made about your life, what would be its genre?
What fictional character would be your soulmate in real life?
Do you have any crazy food combinations that you like to eat?
If you randomly meet the president on a street, what would you tell him?
How good are you in the art of lying on someone’s face?
Okay, how good are you telling hurtful truths?
If you become the president today, what would be the first decision you will make?
What dress code will you choose for a crazy college club?
Is there any common saying that doesn’t make sense to you?
What is your all-time favorite song?
Did you feel wronged recently?
Would you rather get your dream job or win a lottery?
Do you sleep cuddling your pillow or something else?
What one thing can you tell me about you that would surprise me?
Do you have any lucky charm?
What do you desperately want now?
Are you a clean freak or a messy one?
What do you think is better – being shy or being bold?
Do you like haunted houses?
What warning would you like to give someone who wants to get close to you?
How do you show your anger?
What made you feel grateful recently?
Can you name the person who knows you more than anyone else?
If you had to keep only one of your five senses, which ones would you choose?
What do you think makes someone cool?
If you had to start a business, what would it be about?
How much time do you spend in a day looking at the mirror?
What was your favorite children’s book as a child?
If you had to describe your personality in terms of a food name, what would it be?
